Now that we have our scaffold application downloaded, what's in it?
What does it do?
Well, it's a conference application.
It's the same one that we've used and standardized across a lot of
our Spring applications here on Pluralsight.
It has a Registration section and Users, and we gather all of that information.
It happens to be the same application we add security to in my
Spring Security course here on Pluralsight. It captures posts,
gets, does all of the things that we would expect inside of a
standard web application, but it does not store any data yet.
That's the whole goal of this course is to tie that into
the back end where we show you all the annotations and
configuration to store that data.
So to show how it works though,
let's walk through this architecture a little bit deeper so you kind of have a nice recap of what's inside of this app.